Welcome. In this lesson,
you'll be learning about another flavor of slam called GraphSLAM.
GraphSLAM is a slam algorithm that solves the full slam problem.
This means that the algorithm recovers the entire path and map,
instead of just the most recent pose and map.
This difference allows it to consider dependencies between current and previous poses.
One example of our GraphSLAM would be applicable is an underground mining.
Large machines called bores,
spent every day cutting away at the rockface.
The environment changes rapidly,
and it's important to keep an accurate map of the workspace.
One way to map this space would be to drive a vehicle with
a LIDAR around the environment and collects data about the surroundings.
Then, after the fact,
the data can be analyzed to create an accurate map of the environment.
As you learn about GraphSLAM,
you will understand some of the benefits of the algorithm,
including the reduced need for significant onboard processing capability.
One advantage that can be immediately appreciated
is GraphSLAM's improved accuracy over FastSLAM.
FastSLAM uses particles to estimate the robot's most likely pose.
However, at any point in time,
it's possible that there isn't a particle in the most likely location.
In fact, the chances are slim to none especially, in large environments.
Since GraphSLAM solves the full slam problem,
this means that it can work with all of the data at once to find the optimal solution.
FastSLAM uses tidbits of information with a finite number of particles,
so there is room for error.
In this lesson, you will learn the fundamentals of GraphSLAM;
how to construct the graphs,
how to optimize within their constraints to create the most likely set of poses and map,
and how to overcome some of GraphSLAM's limitations.